README.md, before:

# Project README

## About

This project is a website .
This emulates a basic Github feature.
The user can search for a user.
Once the CX selects a github user, they can see the whole list of repositories for that user. On clicking that repository, the user can see the repository directory and the README.md contents.

## Technology

It uses React library for development and Material Design (by Google) for design templates.

## Requirements

React - v16.13.1
node - v12.16.3
npm - 6.14.4

## Setup

1. Go to root and open shell based command line.
2. Run `npm install`. This will install all the dependencies.
3. Run `npm start`. This will run the website at localhost.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm lint`

### `npm format`

## Credits
Built & designed by Suraj Pasayat(https://github.com/suraj93p).

Commit message:

README. md twice render content update

README.md, after:

# Project README

## About

This project is a website .
This emulates a basic Github feature.
The user can search for a user.
Once the CX selects a github user, they can see the whole list of repositories for that user. On clicking that repository, the user can see the repository directory and the README.md contents.

## Technology

It uses React library for development and Material Design (by Google) for design templates.

## Requirements

React - v16.13.1
node - v12.16.3
npm - 6.14.4

## Setup

1. Go to root and open shell based command line.
2. Run `npm install`. This will install all the dependencies.
3. Run `npm start`. This will run the website at localhost.
4. Note - Since localhost runs in React.StrictMode, the render would run twice. And so, the HTTP APIs would get called twice.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm lint`

### `npm format`

## Credits
Built & designed by Suraj Pasayat(https://github.com/suraj93p).
